# ADHD_Research

## A Comprehensive Research on Applications of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Diagnosis.

Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder that affects in childhood and often persists into adulthood. It is characterized by a persistent pattern of symptoms such as inattention, hyperactivity, and impulsivity that interferes with functioning or development. ADHD affects millions of children and adults globally, making it one of the most common mental health disorders; therefore, accurate diagnosis is crucial for effective treatment and management. In recent years, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) have emerged as powerful tools in various medical fields, including the diagnosis of mental health conditions like ADHD. 
Recent advance in machine learning has enjoyed a number of successes in medical applications (Chen, et al., 2021). To address this challenge, we wanted to investigate if there was a way by which using clinical information collected from a Service which delivers clinical pathway which is compliant with NICE recommendations (i.e. gold standard), can create a decision tool which can automate the process of making a diagnosis. The clinical data collected in this paper is from an NHS specialist mental health provider in the form of screening questionnaires and clinical interviews, which are routinely collected when a new patient is referred. We are not aware of this being achieved anywhere else in mental health populations whereby an AI algorithm will make diagnostic decisions based on the form of data we use. This report explores the application of these technologies in diagnosing ADHD, providing a detailed review of current methods, challenges, and future directions.
